Anti-production materials have always been our priority.
The contract is very well written. This is your contract,
It was signed with the former mine owner. I am now the owner of this mine.
If you want to mine, let's re-sign this contract.
Then you just want to make an appointment unilaterally.
This contract was signed three years ago,
For a whole year, you need to pay ten times the contract.
Damn, this was definitely intentional.
I don't care which of you is the mine owner, this contract is 50 million.
You only need to pay a small amount of compensation.
Oops, this flow is bad,
It's a miracle that our money was used for everything for the bomb.
Let's discuss it. This week, you can get the original oral control materials first.
Tell us the time for the materials from Xingkongkou and let us do the appraisal.
I want the material from Xingkongkou
It seems that you are also staying behind
If you want this New York flight, then try to find someone who can cooperate.
We don't know any of this money.
Then take a look at the last clause of the contract
It doesn’t matter who holds the frame
If that's the case, you really won't be able to find me.
If you want to cause trouble, you have to take a look first.
Where is the ownership of this box now?
But the ownership hasn’t changed yet, brother
Don't even think about taking away a piece of material.